<span style="float:right;">[[source]](https://github.com/JustinGoheenAI/easy-sphinx/blob/main/easy_sphinx/autogen.py#L13)</span>

### DocumentationGenerator


```python
easy_sphinx.DocumentationGenerator(
    pages={},
    project_url=None,
    template_dir=None,
    examples_dir=None,
    extra_aliases=None,
    max_signature_line_length=110,
    titles_size="###",
)
```


Generates the documentation.

__Arguments__

- __pages__ `Dict[str, list]`: A dictionary. The keys are the files' paths, the values
    are lists of strings, functions /classes / methods names
    with dotted access to the object. For example,
    `pages = {'my_file.md': ['keras.layers.Dense']}` is valid.
- __project_url__ `Optional[Union[str, Dict[str, str]]]`: The url pointing to the module directory of your project on
    GitHub. This will be used to make a `[Sources]` link.
- __template_dir__: Where to put the markdown files which will be copied and
    filled in the destination directory. You should put files like
    `index.md` inside. If you want a markdown file to be filled with
    the docstring of a function, use the `{{autogenerated}}` tag inside,
    and then add the markdown file to the `pages` dictionary.
- __example_dir__: Where you store examples in your project. Usually standalone
    files with a markdown docstring at the top. Will be inserted in the docs.
- __extra_aliases__ `Optional[Union[List[str], Dict[str, str]]]`: When displaying type hints, it's possible that the full
    dotted path is displayed instead of alias. The aliases present in
    `pages` are used, but it may happen if you're using a third-party library.
    For example `tensorflow.python.ops.variables.Variable` is displayed instead
    of `tensorflow.Variable`. Here you have two solutions, either you provide
    the import easy-sphinx should follow:
    `extra_aliases=["tensorflow.Variable"]`, either you provide a mapping to use
    `extra_aliases={"tensorflow.python.ops.variables.Variable": "tf.Variable"}`.
    The second option should be used if you want more control and that you
    don't want to respect the alias corresponding to the import (you can't do
    `import tf.Variable`). When giving a list, easy-sphinx will try to import
    the object from the string to understand what object you want to replace.
- __max_signature_line_length__ `int`: When displaying class and function signatures,
    easy-sphinx formats them using Black. This parameter controls the
    maximum line length of these signatures, and is passed directly through
    to Black.
- __titles_size__: `"#"` signs to put before a title in the generated markdown.


----

<span style="float:right;">[[source]](https://github.com/JustinGoheenAI/easy-sphinx/blob/main/easy_sphinx/autogen.py#L66)</span>

### generate


```python
DocumentationGenerator.generate(dest_dir)
```


Generate the docs.

__Arguments__

- __dest_dir__: Where to put the resulting markdown files.


----

